everybody welcome to another episode of
AMA which is ask me anything today we're
not going live as I'm sure you can tell
but we have compiled a bunch of your
questions that were sent in over the
various social platforms including the
ever steady connect at impact Theory
comm which you can send your questions
in ahead of time if ever you want to
first question comes from I'm Ani
I'm Ain Najjar II one of the two how do
I not how do I not to care how do I not
care about what people think about me I
know I should not care but it's really
hard for me not to and it usually
affects my motivation and productivity
okay so this is about getting a hold of
your emotions so I think all of us have
a desire to be looked at favorably
especially by the people that we care
about that we respect but you have to
like Viktor Frankl said understand that
there is a gap between stimulus and
response and in that gap you have the
ability to choose something as a way of
reacting that isn't your emotions
dictating that so you're gonna have an
emotional reaction when you do something
that people disapprove almost certainly
certainly happens for me you're going to
feel that sting of like oh that sucks
I really wanted people to be behind me I
really want people to cheer I really
want people to clap for me that's
amazing but at the end of the day you've
got to be able to say what is my goal
and what reaction to this stimulus
actually moves me towards my goal and
that needs to be the thing that
overrides everything else so step one is
having that clear goal knowing what
you're trying to accomplish and then
step two is the ability to assess
whether or not your emotion that which
is the subconscious speaking to your
conscious mind so if you think of
emotions as the subconscious which
processes data in a faster and faster as
they say fashion meaning it can process
a whole lot of information that your
conscious mind would not be able to
process through rapidly and it can do it
much more quickly so it coughs up
instead of speaking in the language of
that little voice you actually hear
articulating words in your head it's
coughing up an emotion so it's all of
that experience all of the things that
our brain does to make sure that we
protect ourselves that we don't get
ostracized by the group which
in the evolutionary context but not so
much in a modern context that's why the
subconscious is speaking in emotion but
you can take that emotion and say hey
this doesn't make sense from my goal
feeling badly about myself worrying
about what other people think about me
it's only gonna slow me down it's only
gonna hold me back I need to be able to
trust my instincts which I have trained
and now move towards what my goals
demand and so when you're able to do
that when you're able to read the
emotion check to see if there's a lesson
to be learned but if there's in
wallowing in that emotion if it's gonna
move you away from your goals then you
set that to the side and practicing that
and getting good at that and filtering
everything to your goal is how
ultimately you're not going to spend a
lot of time caring about what other
people think and so the Savior for me
has been the belief and the part of my
identity which says I only do and
believe that which moves me towards my
goals so obsessing over negative
thoughts about what other people think
doesn't and so I just let it go and move
on and it literally comes down to what
you allow yourself to think about so
just stop yourself using cognitive
behavioral therapy techniques stop
yourself from thinking about what other
people think all right next question is
from Jody to me okay Tom I'm 20 years
old and I've done some real
soul-searching over the past few years I
am certain that I don't want the
conventional life and I want to do my
own thing but whenever I start something
I quit because I find I'm not really
passionate about it enjoying it but I
fear I may not just want it bad enough
how do I differentiate between being
honest with myself and just pure
laziness Jody this is an amazing
question and first of all it is
addressed brilliantly by Duckworth
Angela Duckworth in the book grit which
you guys gonna want to read that
absolutely phenomenal book and it breaks
down how it's a very natural process to
begin something to be very excited and
then as you go down that process to
realize yeah I actually don't like this
it's not giving me as much energy as I
thought it would is taking energy away
and therefore I want to give up and quit
that thing and she said if you do that
once or twice like hey so be it but if
you're doing it every time if you just
love that initial rush that excitement
of something new but the actual
nitty-gritty reality of getting good at
it of doing what Mitch you Kaku calls
having but power meaning you've set your
butt
the seat and you do the work if that's
really your problem
and nothing is interesting enough for
you to sit there and do the work you
haven't developed grit yet and so grit
is the ability to persevere to see
things through to go past the point at
which it is stopped being fun and it
becomes boring because you believe in
your end goal enough you're excited by
what you're trying to accomplish so much
that you're willing to fight through all
of that difficulty you're willing to
fight through the boredom you're willing
to fight through the unease that arises
when you step outside your comfort zone
you're doing things you're not good at
and things that are boring those are the
two things that I find killed most
people they just cannot handle the
things that make them go oh god like I'm
not very good at this and I'm feeling
really badly about myself and they
forget that they can get good on a long
enough timeline and then too inevitably
in any pursuit of greatness in any
endeavor where you're trying to gain
mastery you're gonna get bored because
practice is repetition it's doing
something over and over and over and
over to really train yourself to get to
the point where you're truly exceptional
and there's just so much boredom
inherent in that process so building in
the resilience to see all that stuff
through is the key part of grit so take
that that's the Nugget that you want to
apply but I would also recommend that
you go and read Angela Duckworth book
grit
it's phenomenal she goes into more
detail all right Alberto Garza do I need
to have a solid idea of the person I am
today in order to be the person I want
to become yes I think that would be very
powerful for you the ability to
accurately self assess is incredibly
powerful now people that have the
highest levels of self delusion also
have the highest levels of happiness
there's one of the great ironies of
being a human so this is advanced class
yet but you don't want to spend too much
time looking really Rallye at where you
are and how bad you are at this thing
that you're trying to do but at the same
time you do need to be able to
accurately assess where you are now the
key that I've found to being able to
stare at naked lis your inadequacies is
that you have to build your self-esteem
around something else but when your
self-esteem is tied around this it can
be pretty gnarly emotionally to spend a
lot of time looking at that which is why
people don't do it but if you build
yourself steam around this little thing
here that I'm doing
fingers which is the willingness to look
at that to get better to sincerely apply
yourself to getting better to recognize
that the only difference between who you
want to be and who you are as a set of
skills and that you can acquire those
skills but first you have to understand
where you actually are and where you're
trying to go and then be able to
identify that chasm that you have to
cross and if you take your pride your
self-esteem from the willingness to
cross that chasm then suddenly you
actually get self-esteem by looking at
that by assessing where you really are
and so that is one of the most powerful
things anybody can do so I highly
recommend you guys spend your time there
all right Daniel Brees the man the ever
contributor to impact theory Thank You
Daniel free question how do you deal
with wanting to help those closest to
you while knowing that until they take
action there's nothing you can do all
right I'm going to quote my boy Naveen
Jane and he said that don't worry about
leading a horse to water try to make
them thirsty and I thought that was
brilliant because when somebody's
thirsty when they really want that thing
then they're gonna go and do it of their
own accord you don't have to worry about
leading them to water now this is one of
the most difficult things to do which is
to get somebody thirsty now first before
I explain how to make them thirsty I'm
going to say that meet them with
compassion I wouldn't spend a lot of
time and energy trying to change them or
even try to make them thirsty I think
the vast majority of your time the
people closest to you that you love the
most
you should just spend it loving them you
should spend it being happy to have a
relationship with them of being able to
have themselves and yourself and good
enough health to be able to enjoy each
other's company so even though I get it
trust me I get it I know why you want to
make change spend your time just being
compassionate with where they are now if
you want to make them thirsty the key is
to find some hook some emotional
resonance with them something that
they're excited about becoming some goal
that they're amped about having some way
that is pleasure based to get them to go
down that path because that's what that
thirst really is that's what that hunger
to learn really is is it something that
is grabbing ahold of the pleasure
sensors in your brain
and making you want to do it and that's
the key to anything that's why people
say stay hungry they're saying you've
got to still want that thing you've got
to be driven by something internal
you've got to be moving towards
something and not just away from
something so that's really critical and
then I will say also that find out what
is that person's language do they
naturally move towards things or away
from things so they somebody that
operates out of excitement or out of
fear what's their language of
appreciation how can you talk to them in
a way that they're really going to
understand and internalize but a lot of
times the punchline of all of this with
those closest to you is simply live your
life and when they see you lit on fire
excited about the things you're pursuing
and you're not trying to preach them
you're just doing your thing and they
see it and they see how amped you are
and you share that enthusiasm with them
without trying to preach or trying to
convince them of anything you're just
letting them see how excited you are
then over time some of them will want
that excitement in their own life and
they will ask the magic question which
is how do you do that and then you can
give them a much more direct answer but
till then I would say meet them with
compassion and just try to show them
your level of enthusiasm for what you do
vipin Tyagi what advice do you have for
dealing with FOMO for those who don't
know fear of missing out for those in
their 20s I understand the necessity of
the grind but sometimes become
distracted by thoughts of how I should
be perhaps devoting more time to friends
dating etc since those things matter as
well in life how do I settle this in my
mind so I am NOT constantly at battle
with the two sides thanks all right this
is super important when everybody to
stop what you're doing I want you to
lean in and I want you to really hear me
and remember this is coming from the guy
that's like do or die do the
work in fact I think yep I have that
shirt on right now today's episode is
brought to you by do the work go to shop
that impact Theory comm right now and
get yourself signalling now having said
all of that and I really do believe that
because it makes sense in my life for
what I want to accomplish and what I
want to do but the reality is there
isn't a better way to live your life
there's no right way and wrong way there
is only the way that gives you more
energy there is only the way that gives
you fulfillment when you have those
things when you're fulfilled by what
you're doing and it's good
you the harder you pursue it it's giving
you more energy you're on the right path
as the Greeks would say say the sagal oh
the Roma I can't believe I messed that
up
sagal oh the Roma which means you're on
a good road and that's what I want
people to understand like yes I pj are i
preach a very specific path but i don't
think that it is a universal path and so
the only universal path is to do the
things that give you fulfillment and
energy so if spending time with your
friends gives you that then you should
be spending more time with your friends
if dating gives you that then you should
be dating so you don't need to want to
be the best in the world of something
you don't need to want to make a lot of
money you don't need to want to be an
entrepreneur like all they're literally
just stand-ins their proxies for
fulfillment and energy creation that's
it so those are the punch lines of
what's the meaning of life and all of
that stuff it is to do something that
makes you feel a deep sense of
well-being which i'll call fulfillment
and something that gives you energy
where you're literally excited to attack
the day that's it all right Michael
Richards
the Michael Richards from Seinfeld
Wow that would be amazing for those
wondering I've contacted my doctor on
this never-ending cough my friend mentor
and I have been working together for
about a year now developing both of our
passions further it has always been a
mutually beneficial relationship but now
he has asked me to come work for him
full-time how would you approach the
transition to employee employer I would
approach it with absolute raw and
unadulterated honesty people treat you
exactly the way that you let them treat
you you guys are about to move into a
very different dynamic in your role
you're going to want to know what your
expectations are of them what their
expectations are of you you want to have
that all clear and upfront you want to
make sure that you understand how to
communicate in this new role you want to
make sure that those channels are open
so that if something starts to not feel
good that you guys are communicating it
you're not internalizing it this all
comes down to Ray Dalio principles read
that book if you're both open to two
things these are the
important two things write these down
this should be the fundamental core of
every relationship you have business or
personal number one you need to be able
to hear truth and number two you need to
be able to speak truth those are the two
most foundational skills that anyone
should develop in terms of communication
you need to be able to hear truth and
speak truth now a lot of people can do
one or the other but not both
some people have a very easy time
criticizing others and telling them what
they're doing wrong but they can't hear
it themselves and other people can
actually hear it they don't mind that
but they have a really hard time
communicating that to other people cuz I
don't want to hurt their feelings or
whatever so make sure that you're able
to do both that is an absolute
cornerstone of communication so if you
guys have that you'd be just fine
luciene millet how do I get over my
block of I am never good enough
especially when my significant other has
high expectations but does not support
me in reaching those expectations okay
so we have two issues so first of all
getting over your block of I'm not good
enough for me the thing that absolutely
destroyed all of that is my unflagging
belief in one simple thing I can learn
anything so I may not be good at that
thing now I may really not be good
enough like when I think about building
a studio to rival Disney I'm not good
enough yet there's a huge chasm and
skill set between me and Bob Iger and
being able to do that I fully understand
that and I have to do something
different which just found this create
all the energy whereas Bob Iger came in
wait I mean they've been in business for
like 75 years or something by the time
he came along so it is a really
intriguing skill set to be able to both
build and create something scale it and
then run it once it's big so I know full
well that I am not yet the person that I
need to be in order to do that and so my
time and energy is spent in building
that skill set so I don't freak out over
the fact that I'm not good enough that's
very easy for me to admit I instead
spend my time thinking about how do i
acquire those skills in order to
actually become good enough so don't let
your self-worth be tied up in that
notion of good enough humans are the
ultimate adaptation machine from that I
derive my sort of
high level sense of worth it hey every
human being has worth because they're an
ultimate adaptation machine and they can
become anything they want that's just
really cool and amazing and then also I
just am deeply compassionate for the
human condition so yeah regardless of
where people fall on that path of
actually executing against that
potential I get it man being a human is
both beautiful amazing all this
potential and it's really hard so have
compassion for yourself which i think is
incredibly important and know that this
is hard and then believe that you can
become anything that you set your mind
to and then just be honest with yourself
you don't have to want to be the
greatest in the world so whether you let
somebody else apply those high standards
to you or not it's completely your
choice just remember it's a choice and
you're not not great because you can't
be you're not great because you haven't
applied yourself to that so that is the
key for me like understanding that my
life is an exact reflection of my
choices is entirely liberating so
remember your life is an exact
reflection of your choices if you want a
different result you simply need to make
a different choice van tile you need oh
that's a name right there
should I try executing from the start or
should I learn to get to the level
needed for mastery first ultimately the
question is experience or knowledge so
my advice is nothing there is no more
data rich information stream than
experience then going and diving into
trying something failing learning from
that so I never worried about whether or
not I fully know how to do what I'm
about to do I go into it however I am
trying to fiendishly get as much
experience as I can as humanly possible
so like with comics I knew nothing about
it but I was making a pledge long before
I knew anything about it hiring people
against it taking steps to move in that
direction but as fast as I could I was
learning as much as I could about the
industry and I continue that education
to this day and that's been that's a
huge first step for us in terms of
building the TV and film stuff that
we're doing and so I'm doing both I'm
getting in it I'm learning and let me
tell you that doing it is going to teach
you far faster than anything else but I
don't worry about whether or not I have
three before I act if you do that you're
never gonna act so I would say it's it's
really parallel pass it isn't one and
then the other it's doing both at the
same time
Brandon Alexander Karl in the early days
of your business how did you deal with
business debt and how did you fuel your
success alright so in the beginning
you're really gonna have to be a direct
seller meaning if you spend a dollar you
need to get a two dollar return on that
and so not taking in debt if it all
humanly possible is my advice now if you
just don't have any way to start then
you might if you if your business idea
speaks to it and you know how to raise
capital then I would say go raise
capital and I wouldn't be overly
sensitive about the ownership I'd be way
more sensitive about the control that
matters a lot to me personally maybe it
doesn't matter as much to you but that's
a big deal to me
so if you don't have the capital go get
somebody else's capital but that means
you really have to be passionate about
the idea you have to understand how to
execute against the idea and you have to
be willing and able to convince other
people that you're worth that investment
now if you're none of those things then
you're gonna want to do something like
affiliate marketing which has virtually
zero start-up costs you're leveraging
someone else's product you're even
leveraging their sales infrastructure
and you need to only put up a website
you're gonna have to create content but
that can be written content so it
doesn't have to cost you any money but
at some point to do a business you have
to be better than other people at
something and whether that's something
is social content whether that something
is SEO whatever it's gonna be you've got
to be better at other people then
somebody and that thing that you're
better at has to lead to sales there's
just no way around that
but these days literally with no startup
cost you can start a business and I'll
give you an example the one business I
started that had absolutely no startup
capital was Billy photography it was I
think the very first real business that
Lisa and I did and that was literally I
had a camera that I'd gotten for my
birthday and I took headshots with it
and that was it and I charged people God
back then I was like $300 for an hour
session which for me was like
unbelievable I couldn't believe I was
getting paid that much and so then from
there you learned very quickly oh but I
have to go process the film and all that
and what does that do to my expenses
blah blah blah so but in all of that I
didn't need any startup capital
I was able to get it going and get it
off the ground for nothing and then
later I did some affiliate marketing as
well again same thing it costs like
literally what eight dollars a year to
buy a domain name so I mean it's
virtually nothing and you could spin up
Amazon Web service anyway I don't I'm
not gonna get into specifics but there
you go
affiliate marketing if you have no other
way Jonathan sureno what books are you
reading to understand the world of
comics okay so one I listen to a lot of
podcasts - there's a book called
self-publishing comic books or how to
self publish comic books and not just
write them I think is the exact title
it's very long it's by the guy who does
devil Devil's Due comics I highly
recommend that book it is if you're into
this business
it is really informative and it would
have saved me about ten thousand dollars
in legal fees
how do I read that a year ago so the
most expensive book I've ever read but
yeah I would do that I would listen to
podcast I don't have the podcast that I
listen to memorized forgive me but hit
me up socially and I can pingy with that
stuff if you have a continued interest
all right Blake Reed any advice on how
to determine if your goals are super
specific and getting feedback from
someone on where you where you're
planning my fail okay so yes I've all
kinds of advice on this so number one
figuring out if your plan is specific
enough if you know exactly what to do
right now at this moment to take a very
concrete and real step forward meaning
it's not thinking about something it is
actually doing something then chances
are that you have a very specific goal
now if you can map out all of the steps
that you're going to need to take to get
where you're going and that when you
tell it to people there's an internal
logic to it it may not work by the way
but at least there's an internal logic
and people like yeah I get it that might
actually work
then you've got a very specific goal but
if it's and this is the best example
that I can give in fact I'll give you an
example the one that I normally give is
from the Olympics and when people come
and say I want to I want to win a gold
medal okay a gold medal and what the
Olympics great summer or winter you guys
have heard me talk through that before
and it gets all the way down to exactly
what event in what sport that you want
do it so that you know how to train and
that's really where that level of
specificity now an example from my own
life okay I want to make I want to pull
people out of the matrix right
that's spiritually very interesting but
then I need to really define that what
does that mean ok it's all about
limiting beliefs alright I want to get
rid of people's limiting beliefs and
give them empowering beliefs ok that's
really specific now I can start to think
about how do you do that
once you know exactly what you want to
do I want to in fact I'll go even more
specific because this is the truth at
scale I want to be able to switch out
limiting beliefs in somebody for
empowering beliefs even if they're
antagonistic to change and a growth
mindset that's really the mission
statement in my head the one that I
don't often articulate and I just say we
want to pull people out of the matrix so
the keys of at scale that it needs to
work on somebody who is actively
antagonistic to change and they're
actively antagonistic to a growth
mindset how do I get them to have an
empowering belief system okay now that's
specific and you can execute against
that it was very easy for me to step
back and look at all that starting with
how do people change their beliefs
looking at neuroscience and just seeing
one answer come up over and over and
over narrative okay
narrative well if I know I'm gonna be in
the world of narrative what are the
areas of narrative there are five books
comic books TV shows movies video games
maybe a 6vr in the future but right now
those are the dominant forms of
narrative and nothing there aren't other
splinter factions but those are the
dominant forms of narrative okay cool
and then breaking down who's doing that
well and there's now social content that
you can publish that speaks to a lot of
this that's obviously what we're doing
here and then you've got traditional
narrative content which is what we're
doing on the comics and ultimately film
and TV and you can see you just you
start working it back once I was able to
see okay I can create a plan of
execution
I knew that my goal was specific enough
if I was like oh it starts getting
nebulous in the middle of how I actually
execute against that then I would say I
need to make my goal more specific
Blake Reed nope someone we just did
Murray Baker do journal if so do you
keep to a specific topic and how often
do you do it I don't do what most people
would call journaling I did very briefly
and I actually found
useful to be honest but I'm finding
useful enough to make it a permanent
part of my morning routine so what I do
is I keep notes on everything so every
time I have an idea I write it down and
write it down I write it down I'm
obsessive about writing things down and
so I have two lists that I keep one is
called important things ideas which I
like to then differentiate two important
things my important things list is what
I should be doing I should be executing
against this my important things ideas
those are things like hey this might be
interesting I should really think
through this more that kind of thing or
maybe it seems a little bit crazy but I
don't want to forget it I'll write it
unimportant things ideas and then I'll
go as I chip away at my important things
list I'll go over to my important things
ideas and see if there's anything that's
matured enough that I can move it over
to my important things list which is
pure execution so that's that and then I
write something on one of those two
lists almost every day I won't say it's
every day but wow it's got to be 95% of
days and that includes weekends that I'm
writing something on one of those two
lists and that comes from largely really
caring about your goal and then getting
energized by what you're pursuing so if
the things that you do if executing
against important things evolve that is
giving you more energy than it takes
then suddenly it's fun to think about
that stuff and you'll find yourself
thinking about it all the time all the
time all the time Benny M yes dan G
Ingram what legacy do you want to leave
the world I don't really think in terms
of legacy but I'll give you an answer
that you'll take as legacy anyway which
is what's the impact that I want to have
in the world and that is I want to at
scale pull people out of the matrix so I
want to give people an empowering belief
system I really think that that is what
I have built my skillset to execute
against that will give me the deepest
level of fulfillment I absolutely love
doing that
I love that it employers employees my
understanding of narrative and
psychology and all that's endlessly
fascinating I love that I get to create
social content build community things
that just really really mean something
to me
so that's what I want to do the reason I
don't think of it as legacy is I'm not
worried about something living beyond me
and
great but the reality is I want to enjoy
my time on this earth I want to do
something while I'm here while I can
experience it that I think is value-add
that makes me feel good about myself
that gives me that deep sense of
fulfillment so because I think of it so
much about that now like I wouldn't do
something that was gonna be remembered
forever but made me completely miserable
in my one go-round here so that's why I
don't think of it as legacy but I'm sure
that answers your question all right
Benny in our video games a waste of time
on 48 I have been told all my life the
video games are a big waste of time I'm
torn they give me so much pleasure but
on the other hand I can waste hours and
hours gaming okay so this comes down to
goals purely we started this episode by
talking about there is no right way to
live your life so if you're playing
games and you love it and it gives you a
sense of fulfillment you're exploring
mastery and you just love being in that
universe and it's helping you improve
sets your skill set which it does me and
you love that and it's making you better
at something else you really care about
then I can see totally giving yourself
over to that or if you love creating
games and you have to play them in order
to be able to go out and create
something amazing for the people and you
love that then truly there's no conflict
between playing games and doing what I
think provides people with the most
fulfillment which is to build a set of
skills that not only serves you but
serves other people if it is just purely
a thing a pleasure for you
like doing things you think are awesome
that you think are rad like I totally
get that and building in time in your
life to do that is is amazing but if
it's not helping you generate a deep
sense of fulfillment and you're
conflicted and you feel like like
sometimes where it's like oh man that I
really just spend like six or seven
hours playing that game and I feel a
little bit icky about that then it's
like okay it's it becomes a little bit
like I think about drinking which
drinking alcohol is fun it makes me feel
like I'm suppressing the urge to dance
on a table but it moves me backwards
from a longevity standpoint and at the
end of it I didn't really get anything
it was a very transient experience so I
do it occasionally call it three or four
times a year with my wife it's a lot of
fun I really enjoy it but I definitely
limit the amount of time
that I do it so that maybe where video
games fall for you for me I spend video
game time with my wife and my sister we
play as a fireteam so that's already fun
it's bonding for the three of us and
then second it's huge for me in learning
to calm my anxiety because it's the only
thing that I can think of where it feels
like they're really high stakes but
there's actually no stakes whatsoever so
your heart is racing your anxiety spikes
and you can practice rapidly calming it
down so that's been a way for me to
engage with video games and sort of kill
multiple birds with one stone and keeps
it from at all ever feeling like a waste
of time but I have rules around it like
I almost never play by myself I'm always
playing with my family so that you get
that extra element of bonding and then I
really do force myself to practice going
out of the sympathetic nervous system
into the parasympathetic so that's my
take all right Ricky casue ponine what
should I do if things I want to succeed
what should I do if things I want to
succeed in constantly feel as if it's a
competition it feels as if it hinders me
from finding value in improving myself
hmm I don't entirely understand your
perspective on the question but I will
say this being a competition is not a
bad thing and I think that being willing
to compete with others is a sign of
confidence its willingness to put
yourself out there to really see if the
skills that you're gaining actually have
real-world utility or not for a long
time I was afraid to compete with people
because I thought oh just gonna lose it
everything and I thought that that meant
that I was bad and untalented unworthy
all of that stuff and so I just avoided
it like the plague because I never
wanted anything to make me feel like
less of myself then I realized I can get
better at anything at any time and if I
really care about winning at something I
can pour myself into getting great at
that thing and if I don't care about
that thing enough to get great at it
then just enjoy it and whether I win or
lose is pretty irrelevant so I wouldn't
be afraid of competition now you find
that it hinders you from finding value
in improving yourself because it has a
competition that's the part that I don't
understand so Ricky if you want to send
us in a little bit more clarification on
that I can go deeper otherwise hopefully
the first part of that answer
your question Dan Conrad if you were
creating a plan for personal development
to be more intentional about growth what
would be some essential pillars and
tasks to include and what metrics would
you use to help assess your progress at
each of your goals so really the last
part about making sure that I have the
metrics by which to judge whether or not
I'm moving towards my goals is gonna be
the important part and that's really how
I judge my progress so keeping a list of
the steps that you're gonna need to walk
down in order to get where you're going
so like I'll give you a really great
example so if I believe that film and TV
is the ultimate way in which you can
change the narrative and somebody who's
that tagging istic to that change then
okay I know that I need to get to that
point it's very easy to assess every day
whether or not I've got a TV or TV show
or film being made so we wanted a way
where we could follow a traditional path
so that it wasn't this binary
all-or-nothing moment so we want to
start at comics comics is very easy to
understand if I publish one or not and
so we're able to march towards that
because we can afford to do it so I know
I can create a comic no one is gonna be
able to stop me from doing that people
can stop me from doing TV and film
because the expense is so extraordinary
that I'm not willing to just do that
you know without convincing others to
join me in that endeavor financially but
comics I can sew comics becomes that
very easy road to get something across
the finish line to figure out whether or
not it resonated figure out whether or
not we're building community and then
leverage that to pitch to film and TV so
our belief is that if we get enough
intellectual property at the comic-book
level that we will be able to build
community around that with community I
really believe we'll be able to get that
turned into a film or TV show so it
becomes that very clear path of whether
or not that I'm making progress on
getting the comic published and then
it'll become the very clear path of
whether or not I'm building community
around that or not and if it resonates
enough to build community then I know
that I did something right if it doesn't
then I need to go back to the drawing
board and start over and just keep
replicating that process over and over
and over until it works or until I
realize that it's not my execution of
the process that's flawed it's actually
the process itself it's the very path is
broken so that's it all right last
question this is from Russell Regan
in a recent AMA you described the
emergency pamphlet for life consisting
of two steps which are step 1 tell
yourself empowering statements about
potential and step 2 build
accountability around that step 1 is a
clear actionable directive but step 2
seems seems nebulous to me can you talk
more about step 2 give concrete examples
of what step 2 looks like and explain
how to get from step one to step two
okay so I'm gonna use different words
for step two than you used and hopefully
this will clear it up so step one is
about what you say to yourself
step two is about what you tell other
people that you're going to do so it
really comes down to what you repeat so
what you repeat to yourself human
potentials nearly limited I'm the type
of person that will put in the work I'm
the type of person that gets out of bed
in ten minutes or less I'm the type of
person that judges myself by my results
all of that stuff okay so those are all
the things you're telling yourself
you're repeating it over and over and
over
you're solidifying that your mind
literally from the brain wiring
standpoint so all of your beliefs are
gonna kick in when you mess up somebody
says something mean whatever all the
things that might otherwise emotionally
knock you off you're gonna have what I
call the mental pachinko machine where
any negative emotion or any negative
thought hits all these beliefs until it
comes out the other side positive that
that's the key now the second part is
what you tell the people that you're
gonna get what you're going to do and
that triggers a process of congruence
where you want to act in congruence with
what you tell people that you're gonna
do and I find that also in doing that
you're repeating it again and hopefully
you're embodying it which is a big part
of it so as you're telling people you're
allowing yourself to feel the excitement
which is why you want to do this thing
and so you're embodying that over and
over and over but it's all essentially
that same mechanism it's really
hardwiring this stuff into your system
that's that's the foundational key is to
really reinforce these beliefs and to
trigger that process of congruence that
isn't gonna get you across the finish
line of success or anything like that
but those are like the two really
foundational things in the I know I
don't remember calling it the emergency
pamphlet for life but this is the steps
to really building and enacting a growth
mind
and I'm going to do it like the
emergency pamphlet on an airplane which
is where the emergency came from so very
simple drawings very simple words
because I want people to understand that
to really solidify a growth mindset in
yourself those are the two things you
really need to do alright guys thank you
so much for joining us if you haven't
already head to shop that impact Theory
comm right now to get your self
signaling today's episode is brought to
you by do the work we've got a whole new
collection coming out in May which I'm
really excited about make sure you get
this collection before it's gone alright
if you haven't already be sure to
subscribe and until next time my friends
be legendary
take care
[Applause]